# Bugwarrior UDAs
#
# github
uda.githubtitle.type=string
uda.githubtitle.label=Github Title
uda.githubbody.type=string
uda.githubbody.label=Github Body
uda.githubcreatedon.type=date
uda.githubcreatedon.label=Github Created
uda.githubupdatedat.type=date
uda.githubupdatedat.label=Github Updated
uda.githubclosedon.type=date
uda.githubclosedon.label=GitHub Closed
uda.githubmilestone.type=string
uda.githubmilestone.label=Github Milestone
uda.githubrepo.type=string
uda.githubrepo.label=Github Repo Slug
uda.githuburl.type=string
uda.githuburl.label=Github URL
uda.githubtype.type=string
uda.githubtype.label=Github Type
uda.githubnumber.type=numeric
uda.githubnumber.label=Github Issue/PR #
uda.githubuser.type=string
uda.githubuser.label=Github User
uda.githubnamespace.type=string
uda.githubnamespace.label=Github Namespace
uda.githubstate.type=string
uda.githubstate.label=GitHub State

# gitlab
uda.gitlabtitle.type=string
uda.gitlabtitle.label=Gitlab Title
uda.gitlabdescription.type=string
uda.gitlabdescription.label=Gitlab Description
uda.gitlabcreatedon.type=date
uda.gitlabcreatedon.label=Gitlab Created
uda.gitlabupdatedat.type=date
uda.gitlabupdatedat.label=Gitlab Updated
uda.gitlabduedate.type=date
uda.gitlabduedate.label=Gitlab Due Date
uda.gitlabmilestone.type=string
uda.gitlabmilestone.label=Gitlab Milestone
uda.gitlaburl.type=string
uda.gitlaburl.label=Gitlab URL
uda.gitlabrepo.type=string
uda.gitlabrepo.label=Gitlab Repo Slug
uda.gitlabtype.type=string
uda.gitlabtype.label=Gitlab Type
uda.gitlabnumber.type=string
uda.gitlabnumber.label=Gitlab Issue/MR #
uda.gitlabstate.type=string
uda.gitlabstate.label=Gitlab Issue/MR State
uda.gitlabupvotes.type=numeric
uda.gitlabupvotes.label=Gitlab Upvotes
uda.gitlabdownvotes.type=numeric
uda.gitlabdownvotes.label=Gitlab Downvotes
uda.gitlabwip.type=numeric
uda.gitlabwip.label=Gitlab MR Work-In-Progress Flag
uda.gitlabauthor.type=string
uda.gitlabauthor.label=Gitlab Author
uda.gitlabassignee.type=string
uda.gitlabassignee.label=Gitlab Assignee
uda.gitlabnamespace.type=string
uda.gitlabnamespace.label=Gitlab Namespace
uda.gitlabweight.type=numeric
uda.gitlabweight.label=Gitlab Weight

# trello
uda.trellocard.type=string
uda.trellocard.label=Trello card name
uda.trellocardid.type=string
uda.trellocardid.label=Trello card ID
uda.trellocardidshort.type=numeric
uda.trellocardidshort.label=Trello short card ID
uda.trellodescription.type=string
uda.trellodescription.label=Trello description
uda.trelloboard.type=string
uda.trelloboard.label=Trello board name
uda.trellolist.type=string
uda.trellolist.label=Trello list name
uda.trelloshortlink.type=string
uda.trelloshortlink.label=Trello shortlink
uda.trelloshorturl.type=string
uda.trelloshorturl.label=Trello short URL
uda.trellourl.type=string
uda.trellourl.label=Trello URL

uda.jiraissuetype.type=string
uda.jiraissuetype.label=Issue Type
uda.jirasummary.type=string
uda.jirasummary.label=Jira Summary
uda.jiraurl.type=string
uda.jiraurl.label=Jira URL
uda.jiradescription.type=string
uda.jiradescription.label=Jira Description
uda.jiraid.type=string
uda.jiraid.label=Jira Issue ID
uda.jiraestimate.type=numeric
uda.jiraestimate.label=Estimate
uda.jirafixversion.type=string
uda.jirafixversion.label=Fix Version
uda.jiracreatedts.type=date
uda.jiracreatedts.label=Created At
uda.jirastatus.type=string
uda.jirastatus.label=Jira Status
uda.jirasubtasks.type=string
uda.jirasubtasks.label=Jira Subtasks
# END Bugwarrior UDAs
